Midterm Outline
  The average residential home loses 14% of its water to leaks. This amounts to about 22 gallons a day.  
These leaks could cause damage to your home and promote the growth of mold, costing you tons and putting your health in jeopardy.
Water leaks account for $9.1 billion dollars of property damage in a year.
  Some water meters on the market do have leak detection mechanisms. However, they are time consuming to use and require the user 
be home and physically check the meter. Additionally, these systems are purely mechanical and it can be difficult to 
determine if your pipes are leaking, especially for small leaks.
  Hydroleak offers a unique automated system that will check and notify the user of any potential leaks even when the homeowner 
is not home or not aware of a leak that has occurred. Our product is primarily targeted at residential use, but can easily be 
scaled for commercial applications.
  Hydroleak uses a wifi-connected flow rate sensor, which measures the flow rate when all water using appliances are off, 
and tells the homeowner if a leak is present.
Our plan is to have the user schedule off-peak times for the sensor to automatically check for leaks, as well as a “check now” 
feature for real time monitoring.
  We plan to advertise our product. We will test different methods of alerting users.

Part 1

  Hello, I’m _______,  this is ________, .... and we’re here to talk about our product, Hydroleak.	
 	Leaks make up 14% of the water usage in an average home. That is literally money flowing right out of your pocket. 
Leaks could also cause property damage and promote the growth of mold, putting people’s health in jeopardy.
So, how do you know if there are leaks? You could check your home’s water meter when you know you are not using any water, 
but that is time consuming and requires you to physically check your meter. In addition, it may be difficult to determine if 
there are leaks using your home water meter. This is where our product, Hydroleak, comes in.
	Hydroleak makes determining leaks quick and easy with it’s unique automated system. It uses a wifi-connected flow rate sensor. 
Just choose a time when you’re not using water, let’s say 3AM, and Hydroleak will do all the work for you. It determines if water 
is flowing and the rate of flow. If the flow rate is not zero, the pipes are leaking and it notifies the user.

Part 2
	
  We have designed a two part process for leak detection. We’re using a flow switch and flow sensor. The flow switch determines 
whether there is a flow or not. The flow sensor determines the rate at which water is leaking. We’ve also designed a system 
to simulate the flow of water from public water pipes into home water pipes.
	We plan advertise our beta test with flyers and brochures. We’re going to set up up website and email list for potential 
customers. We are also going to explore different methods of alerting users about leaks to determine the optimal method. 
	I hope you found Hydroleak intriguing. Thank you for your time.
