Use a flow switch and flow sensor.

A flow switch is a sensitive device (~0.1 L/min). It has a broken ciruit. When water flows through it, the ciruit gets completed and an
electric current flows. When there is an electric current, either someone or some appliance is using water, or there is a leak.

A flow sensor (~1L/min) will report the rate at which water is leaking, so the user can see how large the leak is.

The current plan for determining whether someone is using water or water is leaking is that we will have the user set a time, 
say 3AM, when they know that they are not using water for the device to check for leaks. 

However, the problem with this system is that it does not allow for real time monitoring. This means that if a leak occurs, the 
homeowner will not know until after the set time, which will usally be by morning. This is not a huge deal if the leak is small, 
but if a pipe bursts, you want to know right away. 

An alternate solution that is under consideration is to time the amount of time that there is water flow. We feel it is safe to
say that under normal circumstances, water will not be constantly on for more than an hour at a time. Of course the amount of 
time can be adjusted by the user. However, with a timer system, Hydroleak can constantly monitor waterflow and let the homeowner
know within a reasonable amount of time if there is a leak. Perhaps a hybrid of both these methods can be used. 

A significant issue with these two systems is that the device needs to be installed directly into a house's main water line. While
the cost of device itself will probably be relatively low, the cost of a professional installation may not justify the potential 
benefit ofour product to the average homeowner. We will look into the installation costs of device into the main water line. 

If it does prove to be cost prohibitive, we will have to completely change the system. An idea that was mentioned was to use the 
mechanical flow sensor built into most water meters, a small triangle that will rotate if there is flow. A camera or light
detector can be set up in front of the triangle to detect even the tiniest movement. The method of determining whether water flow 
is actual water usage will be the same as they would be for the previous flow detection methods. This method is a lot cheaper and 
easier to install, at the cost of accuracy. 

Potential to use an ultrasonic flow rate sensor?
http://www.pulsar-pm.com/product-types/flow/flow-pulse.aspx

Image differencing software that we are using:
http://www.imagemagick.org/script/compare.php
http://www.imagemagick.org/script/binary-releases.php#windows
